{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red53\green134\blue255;
\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c25490\c61176\c100000;
\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: no-reply@qut.edu.au\
Subject: We've processed your Assignment extension request FORM-AEX-284034\
Date: 28 October 2022 at 1:28:07 pm AEST\
To: bismillah.sultani@connect.qut.edu.au\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
Hi Bismillah,\
Thank you for your\'a0assignment extension request\'a0
\f2\b (FORM-AEX-284034)
\f1\b0 .\
We have approved your request and the due date for your assignment\'a0
\f2\b About Assessment Task 2 - Object-Oriented Design and Implementation Assignment
\f1\b0 , for unit CAB201\'a0has been extended by 48\'a0hours from the original due date. If your unit outline does not specify that your assignment is eligible for an extension, this confirmation email is not valid and unless you submit by the original due date, the late assessment policy will apply.\'a0\
You are responsible for ensuring\'a0that this assignment is eligible for extension before submitting it after the original due date. Check your {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.qut.edu.au/study/unit?unitCode=CAB201"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 unit outline}} for eligibility.\'a0\
\
Be aware that a copy of this email is kept on file. You should not alter this email in any way. Email notifications that have been altered or differ in any way from the original may result in an allegation of student misconduct as set out in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.mopp.qut.edu.au/E/E_02_01.jsp#E_02_01.04.mdoc"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Student Code of Conduct.}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 Need extra support?
\f1\b0  You can access free, confidential {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://qutvirtual4.qut.edu.au/group/student/health-and-wellbeing/personal-support-and-counselling/student-counselling"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 counselling with qualified professionals}}. We also offer {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://qutvirtual4.qut.edu.au/group/student/study/studying-with-a-disability-injury-or-health-condition"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 planning and support if you\'a0have a disability, injury or health condition}} that affects your ability to study. If you are struggling to meet your university commitments, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://qutvirtual4.qut.edu.au/group/student/study/assignments/submitting"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 academic support}} is also available.\

\f2\b Have a question?
\f1\b0  You can contact us by email or phone.\'a0We\'92re also available to help you on campus\'a0or via online chat. Visit the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://qutvirtual4.qut.edu.au/web/qut/hiq"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 HiQ website}}\'a0for our contact details and opening hours.\'a0\

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5200\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5200\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:askqut@qut.edu.au"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4  }}\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3  \cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth13980\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://qutvirtual4.qut.edu.au/group/student/hiq"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4  }}\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 You have received this email because you have submitted an assignment extension request. View our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.qut.edu.au/additional/privacy"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Privacy and Security statement}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa180\partightenfactor0

\fs18 \cf3 Ref ID: 11247282\'a0FORM-AEX-284034\
\'a0\
}